polish my house that you see and in
my house as ethics in a chill
maybe wear it with an old one
friends loyal friend of mine but pc
all temptation is embarrassingly fine
day completely nice and light and can just be one
bit more memory users
widow
because who i have the new edges lynn
has you got a PC and all of a sudden
boom pc salt i sat the holy land it
in the middle of the night windows try me
not even bother to move up but
he absolutely nothing anymore he is not standing
more on i can't even learn windows
so we have the PC on delivery
is dead and that is annoying
should solutions come solutions that
left over
5 minutes from now to a new one
PC game to fix together
parts loose together but all
nothing out
and shae new man through new speakers
We are still working as a must and board
I all arrange it within new 24 hours
so sit down very quickly
look a blue screen is really one
magic
That happens is that they are killing per side
a go call today so call
with anyone who's anything with never
making it may want to ask for taste
help to miss stuff now than roy
typical each other to hopefully for that it
whole word again in two Krishan knives
these are only very thick
new cool is well arranged
one that we will not abandon and then
well we already have problems with this
century with simon sailor van
take it up there that I ask you
ca n't know anything at all
yes if you could count something
now this one has my kind of us mistakes
challenge
you do okay
tip in terms of day yes well thanks for your
the yo
No, and I would do but what use
you and yes call me back
ok wait a minute and then i hear
go to okay
ragno so johan computer order.nl
and it separates something from weather then
nice again
Johan j yes you would life
after i'm completely ready
yeah mom i know that should be this
all i need in yoga is your one
hug you give punishment use you come
turn away
of course today all i need one
couple them for linda
I am going to sit here in you
probably another flash off
costumes and I come your way yes
are url
see you soon
how then what this man calling fucking mom
difficult mother
this man did and I had him seriously
glamorous wig you do something for me
He knows just have a moment
fuller PC
I understood everything on an evening
family practice we miss something but then
we are going to provide with that month
call already and I promise you and
then everything
pull it on you
list
and now it's been a long drive in
but let's see what beautiful things
absolutely no light is not normal me
hear it
this means that I was not
I don't like heaven above him